README.md, before:

# OpenJDK Docker
This is built to create and use [Alpine-based](https://hub.docker.com/_/alpine) images so that installing Java on your physical machine is a thing of the past.

## Java Version
This will start with [openjdk8](https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/package/edge/community/ppc64le/openjdk8) and has the following tags:

- `:8`, `:8.242` and `:latest` (OpenJDK 8)

## Build it
```
docker build -t maddhacker/openjdk:8.242 . \
    && docker tag maddhacker/openjdk:8.242 maddhacker/openjdk:8 \
    && docker tag maddhacker/openjdk:8.242 maddhacker/openjdk:latest
```

## Bin files
### _*For example only, use/customize as you might need them*_
There are three folders that should have example files.  These files should be on your PATH, and executable. `bin-linux-osx` and `bin-wsl` should be close to the same, but if you're running Docker Server on Windows, then using it via the WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) then you'll need a slightly different script.

# Slack
This is one of several projects that are in the works, so feel free to reach out on [Slack](https://maddhacker.slack.com/).  Please email `slack at maddhacker dot com` for an invite.

# Issues
Please use the [Issues tab](../../issues) to report any problems or feature requests.

# License
This is licensed under `Apache 2.0`.  Have fun!

Commit message:

update to include forgotten quotes in apk install, update documentation to include docker hub link.

README.md, after:

# OpenJDK Docker
This is built to create and use [Alpine-based](https://hub.docker.com/_/alpine) images so that installing Java on your physical machine is a thing of the past.

## Java Version
This will start with [openjdk8](https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/package/edge/community/ppc64le/openjdk8) and has the following tags:

- `:8.242`, `:8` and `:latest` (OpenJDK 8)

## Build it
```
docker build -t maddhacker/openjdk:8.242 . \
    && docker tag maddhacker/openjdk:8.242 maddhacker/openjdk:8 \
    && docker tag maddhacker/openjdk:8.242 maddhacker/openjdk:latest
```

## Bin files
### _*For example only, use/customize as you might need them*_
There are three folders that should have example files.  These files should be on your PATH, and executable. `bin-linux-osx` and `bin-wsl` should be close to the same, but if you're running Docker Server on Windows, then using it via the WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) then you'll need a slightly different script.

# DockerHub
This is already built and on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/maddhacker/openjdk)

# Slack
This is one of several projects that are in the works, so feel free to reach out on [Slack](https://maddhacker.slack.com/).  Please email `slack at maddhacker dot com` for an invite.

# Issues
Please use the [Issues tab](../../issues) to report any problems or feature requests.

# License
This is licensed under `Apache 2.0`.  Have fun!
